{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The website is for a local food truck called the Boonseek. This is run by one man, he is a father and cooks Korean corn dogs as the main specialty with other Korean dishes that are absolutely delicious. Within one year of opening he has gained so much popularity, and I reached out to him asking if he\'92d like me to make a website for him for free, I thought it would be a nice way to help him get things out more than just an instagram page. \
\
My transition design pattern choice is mostly fluid, I had the menu as the main page so I figured on a small screen it could just be one picture across at a time but on bigger screens it can just be three and three with small adjustments to the margin. I feel like it looks nice to have a consistent three column pattern all around. \
\
The rationale for the colors on my website is that the logo he gave had blue in it so I wanted to have that theme, so I used the text color as blue. For the main page color, I had some variations of  warm tan shades since that complements the golden color of the corndogs without exactly matching, and the tan and blue complement each other really well. I grouped each group of food with a background color box of tan. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.corndog7.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://www.corndog7.com/}}
\f1\fs32 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'a0 I really liked how this website had a contrast color menu bar right below the logo. I also like the use of red throughout the site adding a pop of color since the other colors are pretty neutral (tan, gray, etc.) Also the grouping in each section of the site is nice; in each new \'93row\'94 of stuff theres one common theme. I tried to have repetition like that as I think it makes the site come together really nicely. \
\
https://www.meetfresh.us/\
Again, I like the heavy repetition here and really nicely organized rows of products. It\'92s categorized into products, ingredients, and news, and I tried to organize mine similarly. (With corn dogs, specialties, and about me and testimonial and location.)}